<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Compiler][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [getCompileOutputFromSolc][3]
        -   [Parameters][4]
    -   [getSourceMapForSolc][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [getRequestedInputsFromDisk][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [compile][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [getContract][11]
        -   [Parameters][12]
-   [isCompile][13]
    -   [Parameters][14]
-   [isContract][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]

## Compiler

A reusable Compiler for Democracy.js with a search path and custom outputter.

### Parameters

-   `_startSourcePath`  {string} a local directory. Can omit the `./` for relative paths.
-   `_outputter`  {async function} a (possibly asynchronous) function that
           takes (key: string, val: {Map} | {List} | null ) and returns a Promise or
           other value that you want returned from `compile` or `clean*` methods.
           If missing, \_outputter defaults to `setImmutableKey`
           to a local file-based DB store.

### getCompileOutputFromSolc

Format the output from `solc` compiler into an Immutable {Map}

#### Parameters

-   `solcOutputContracts`  
-   `requestedInputs`  
-   `existingOutputs`  

### getSourceMapForSolc

Reformat a sourceMap for solc where keys are Solidity filenames
and values are the Solidity source files themselves.

#### Parameters

-   `inputsToBuild`  an Immutable {Map} with members `filename` for the
           original Solidity filename and `source` is the original Solidity source text.
           the key does not matter.

Returns **any** a sourceMap suitable for solc

### getRequestedInputsFromDisk

Traverse solidity source files from disk and build requested inputs, and a
solidity findImports callback function.

#### Parameters

-   `source`  
-   `the` **source** filename of the requested source file input to compile, could be empty for compile all files found

Returns **findImports** a callback for solc to resolve import statements

Returns **requestedInputs** an Immutable {Map} of filenames as keys and source file contents as values

### compile

#### Parameters

-   `source`  {string} name of source file to compile, including Solidity extension

Returns **any** compile output as an Immutable {Map}

### getContract

Return a contract read from a file in the `outputs/${networkId}` directory.

#### Parameters

-   `contractName`  name of the compiled contract

## isCompile

### Parameters

-   `_compile`  

Returns **any** true if the given object is a compile output from a Compiler, otherwise false

## isContract

### Parameters

-   `_contract`  

Returns **any** true if the given object is a compile output retrieved from db, otherwise false

[1]: #compiler

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #getcompileoutputfromsolc

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #getsourcemapforsolc

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #getrequestedinputsfromdisk

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #compile

[10]: #parameters-4

[11]: #getcontract

[12]: #parameters-5

[13]: #iscompile

[14]: #parameters-6

[15]: #iscontract

[16]: #parameters-7
